                                 BLOG-3:


Document Object:
        The document object represent a web page that is loaded in the browser.
By accessing the document object, we can access the element in the HTML page.
 With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. 
The document object can be accessed with a window.document or just document.


Properties of document:

activeElement: It returns the currently active elements in the document.
         body: It returns the contents of the body element.
      anchors: It returns all <a> elements that have a name attribute.
      baseURI: It returns a string value that represents the base URI of the document.
       cookie: It returns the cookie of the current document.
      charSet: It returns a string, representing the document’s character encoding.
  defaultView: It returns the current Window Object.
   designMode: It is used to set documents as editable or read-only.
       domain: It returns the domain name of the document server.
      doctype: It returns the document’s doctype.


Window Object: 
       The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy.
 It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.
Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, 
the window object is created. 

Properties of windows object :

     innerHeight: It is used to get the height of the content area of the browser window.
      innerWidth: It is used to get the width of the content area of the browser window.
            Name: It contains the name of the referenced window.
          Window: It returns the current window or frame.
       Navigator: It returns a reference to the navigator object.
     outerHeight: It will get the height of the outside of the browser window.
      outerWidth: It will get the width of the outside of the browser window.
          Status: It overrides the default status and places a message in the status bar.
             Top: It returns a reference to the topmost window containing a frame if many windows are opened.
         Toolbar: It will result in the toolbar object, whose visibility can be toggled in the window.




